Replace Key with Variants (#861)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-client-hints.md

--- back

# Interaction with Variants Response Header Field

> Client Hints may be combined with Variants response header field (<https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-variants-05>) to enable fine-grained control of the cache key for improved cache efficiency.

Reviewer: Please use `{{I-D.ietf-httpbis-variants}}` rather than a URI.

```suggestion
Client Hints may be combined with Variants response header field {{?VARIANTS=I-D.ietf-httpbis-variants}} to enable fine-grained control of the cache key for improved cache efficiency.
```

> Features that define Client Hints will need to specify the related variants algorithms as described in <https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-variants-05#section-6>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Features that define Client Hints will need to specify the related variants algorithms as described in Section 6 of {{?VARIANTS}}.
```
